Maggie: Previously. on
Sullivan's Crossing...
Sully?
How long you planning
on staying this time?
It's beautiful out
here. isn't it?
You seem like a nice guy. but...
You think I'm hitting on you?
- Yeah.
- You have a nice day.
Andrew?
Hope I'm not
interrupting anything.
That path. from the
head to the heart.
it's a difficult journey.
You ever think about staying?
Will you marry me?
♪ Don't you say you
got your heart in ♪
If you're looking for
Cal. you just missed him.
He just checked out.
Maggie: I'm taking
the job in Boston.
Sully: What about Cal?
Maggie: Didn't even say goodbye.
Sully: Sullivan's Crossing
has been in my family
for generations. You can't
just take my campground.
Maggie: What kind of
father doesn't fight
to be a part of
their child's life?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
He's okay. He's
going to be okay.
Hi. Someone called
about my father.
Harry Sullivan. He was
brought in a couple hours ago.
Ms. Sullivan?
- Yeah.
- Dr. Roth.
I was on call when your
father was brought in.
What happened?
He was found unconscious. We
think he suffered a stroke.
Were there any
clots on the scan?
They must have dissolved.
Are you a doctor?
Neurosurgeon.
Let me take you to him.
Just ask if you need
anything. Dr. Sullivan.
Thank you.
I came as soon as I heard.
Where were you? Why
weren't you with him?
I was headed back to Boston.
I'm sorry. Sully.
I'm sorry.
♪ Is this as good
as it's gonna get ♪
♪ I've given all I can give ♪
♪ But the rivers still
get wider. wider ♪
♪ We've been here all along ♪
♪ Through the
valleys we carry on ♪
♪ The journey takes
us higher. higher ♪
♪ This could be a home
if we try to build it ♪
♪ This could be a life
that's one in a million ♪
♪ All the hard times.
yeah. they were worth it ♪
♪ Time and time and time again ♪
♪ Whoa. oh-ah-oh-ah-ooh ♪
♪ Oh-ah-oh-ah-ooh ♪
♪ Oh-ah-oh-ah. time and
time and time again ♪
She's beautiful.
Thank you.
Oh. Hi.
Sorry. I didn't
mean to startle you.
That's fine. Um...
Oh. Uh. I bought
these for Sully.
Just wanted to stop
by. see how he's doing.
Actually. I'm glad
I ran into you.
I was hoping we could talk.
Uh. I'm just on my way out.
I've got a lot to prepare with
Sully coming home. you know?
Maggie. wait.
Is something wrong?
What do you mean?
I just mean that we haven't
really had a chance to talk
since you've been back.
Well. been a little busy.
Maybe we can grab a bite later.
You can fill me in on everything
that's going on with you.
Appreciate the offer.
Cal. but I really can't.
Excuse me. Dr. Sullivan.
I'm glad I caught you.
I was hoping to discuss
your father's discharge
- from the hospital.
- Of course.
I don't understand why you
got me watering the lawn
when there's a thunderstorm
in the forecast.
Well. I can't have you
moping around all day.
I think I'll go
over to the hospital
and keep Sully company.
Again? Are you avoiding me?
You want to come?
Somebody has to look
after the store.
And besides. Sydney's
coming by to help me
sort through Sully's books.
I can't make heads or
tails of his system.
Just want to get things
right before he gets back.
Oh.
And mail this. please.
What's this?
It's a thank-you card
for your cousins.
I left it open in case
you want to add something.
Namoya. Not me.
Don't start with me.
Frank. I'm still mad.
How long are you going to
hang that over my head?
You mean your being
rude to your family?
And then you shutting down
and ruining the only
vacation we've had in years?
It wasn't my fault.
You saw how they treated me.
The only thing I saw
was a stubborn man
refusing to make
peace with his past.
What is it you're always saying?
Nothing changes if
nothing changes.
Not funny. Edna.
These are beautiful.
You shouldn't have.
My pleasure.
No. I mean. you
really shouldn't have.
People need to stop
sending me flowers.
I'm not dead yet.
Sully!
It's starting to look a lot like
a funeral parlour around here.
and I'm leaving in a couple
of days. so it's a waste.
I think what Sully meant
to say was "thank you."
That. too.
You're welcome.
I haven't seen you
around much lately.
You know. I've. uh.
I've been trying
to keep to myself.
You know. just doing
odd jobs here and there.
I didn't think you were
planning on staying.
I wasn't. you know. but
I just started to realise
that this place and. uh.
you know. the people here
really started to grow on me.
If you get the time. I'm
sure I can find some things
that need fixing at Roy's.
Flowers aren't going to
water themselves. Lola.
Right. I should probably find
something to put these in.
I cannot wait to get
out of this place.
Yeah. I'll bet.
It'll be good to have you back.
You've been missed.
Yes. sir.
Uh. I ran into
Maggie on the way in.
and I'm starting to get the
feeling that she might be
a little upset with me.
Can't blame her. can you?
What do you mean?
She came back here after
the trial. looking for you.
only to find out you'd left.
Well. I thought she'd
taken the job in Boston.
Hadn't made up her mind yet.
I didn't realise that.
You know. you leaving like
that took her by surprise. Cal.
Actually took us
all by surprise.
Well. did she get my letter?
What letter?
Well. I wrote her a letter.
I left it in the cabin.
I was hoping that you'd
have given it to her.
Don't recall any letter.
This was the only thing
that I could find.
Lola. Cal says he left a
letter for Maggie in his cabin.
Do you remember seeing it?
Oh. No. I'm sorry. I don't
remember seeing any letter.
I'd like to order
some additional tests
for your father.
Why? I thought he
was doing better.
The therapists have noticed
increased signs of agitation.
disorientation and memory loss.
Well. those are all normal
post-stroke symptoms.
I'd like to be sure we
aren't missing anything
before we release him.
Like what?
I know from personal experience
how hard it is to be objective
when dealing with
a family member.
My own father was
diagnosed with Parkinson's.
and I was the last
person to see it.
You think that Sully
has Parkinson's?
I can assure you that I
would recognise those signs.
Of course not. But his
symptoms are getting worse.
and I'm a little worried there
might be more going on here
than just a stroke.
188 ♪ Daydream.
moments preoccupied ♪
♪ It's been a while ♪
Hey. Syd. You almost
done in there?
Did you say something?
Hey. Uh. yeah. Just that
I'm running super late.
Are you okay?
I just got shampoo in my eyes.
Okay.
Sorry. Wash day
is a whole thing.
Detangling. deep
conditioning. It's a process.
Right. I could always
give you a hand next time.
Thought you said you
were running late.
Besides. we said just
friends. remember?
Right. Yeah.
I should get going. then.
Hi. Yeah. Hey. I left
you a bunch of messages.
- Did you get them?
- I'm sorry. Who's this?
Very funny. Syd.
Hey. can we finally sit
down and talk things out?
You didn't really
seem that interested
in what I had to say before.
Oh. jeez.
I shouldn't have hired Clover
without talking to you first.
No. you shouldn't have.
But you were right.
I need to figure out
what I want to do with my
life. and I'm sure living with
your sister was not helping
your love life much.
So. you're not mad at me?
Listen. I got to go.
I got to help Edna
at the Outpost.
Give Finn a hug for me.
Tell him I'll see him later.
I'm sorry. guys. I
got to take this.
- Hi there.
- Maggie: Hey.
Listen. I wanted to ask
your professional opinion
about something.
I'm all ears. Yeah.
Sully's doctor wants
to run more tests.
But your mother told me that
he was doing much better.
He's shown signs of increased
memory loss and disorientation.
and they just want to be sure to
rule out anything more serious
before they send him home.
So. I think maybe I
should just stay here
until the results are
back just to be sure.
Wait. Doesn't Dr. Callahan
want you back here?
Well. it'd just be
for a few more days.
You know these small-town
doctors. Maggie.
There's no more way they know
more about a stroke victim
than you or I.
Okay? Trust your instincts.
You're the brain
specialist. not her.
Yeah. You're probably right.
I think I just
needed to hear that.
Anytime.
I miss you. Maggie.
Yeah. I'll talk to you later.
Ah. thank God you're here.
What's wrong?
Will you please tell
this lovely young lady
to get me a cup of coffee?
I'm sorry. Mr. Sullivan.
but I already told you.
we need to keep an eye
on your blood pressure.
For the last time. it's Sully.
Can't wait to get out of here.
Patience. Sully.
It's a hospital. Frank.
Plenty of patients in here.
I see the stroke hasn't
improved your sense of humour.
Something feels off. Frank.
What do you mean?
I'm having trouble
concentrating.
I'm forgetting things.
I... You've just been
in this place too long.
Before the stroke.
did I say anything
about being worried?
About what?
I don't know.
I can't shake this feeling that
that I've forgotten
something really important.
Well. sometimes a person
has to heal the soul
before they can mend the mind.
What's that supposed to mean?
I don't think you've made
peace with your feelings
since Maggie got back.
and it's weighing on you.
I got to get back
and give Edna a hand.
I'll ask her if she
remembers anything.
Thanks. Frank.
♪ I lost myself ♪
♪ Somewhere on the day ♪
♪ You came out crying ♪
♪ My broken brain ♪
♪ Had gotten in the way ♪
♪ I couldn't fight it ♪
♪ Whoa. whoa ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
Cal: "Dear Maggie."
"I wanted to let you know how
much I enjoy being with you.
"I just need to put
my past behind me
to be able to move
forward with my future."
297 Hey. Rafe. Can I
talk to you for a second?
Sure.
You've been late
three times this week.
I know we're like family.
but I can't be giving you
special treatment.
It makes me look bad.
Sorry. I had to wait for Sydney
to get out of the shower.
- Uh-huh.
- Okay.
It wasn't like that.
We're keeping things platonic.
Why?
She said she didn't want
to complicate things
while she's living with me.
That. and I think she's
a little depressed
ever since she
moved out of Rob's.
Yeah. I know what that's like.
I was really down when I had to
move out after the separation.
I never noticed how small my
place was until she moved in.
If it makes you feel any better.
my place feels
enormous and empty.
Maybe you should
start dating again.
No. I haven't been on a
date in over 20 years.
Plus I don't think
there is many prospects
for a woman my age out here.
You could try online dating.
Picking a partner
off of a photograph?
No. thank you.
Well. you could at least try.
I wouldn't even
know where to start.
Well. here. We'll set
you up with a profile.
No. you're not taking my photo
and putting it on the internet.
Okay. Why not? You look great.
No. I'm just not that
confident right now. okay?
Let me know if you
change your mind.
No. I won't. and
stop being late.
Okay.
Harry Sullivan. meet
Duncan Anderson.
You two are going to
be sharing a room.
Mr. Anderson. please
remember that you're on
very strong pain meds.
So. use your call button
if you need anything.
It's Sully. actually.
Nice to meet you.
So. what are you in for?
Broken hip. You?
Stroke. I made parole.
I'm out in a few days.
Hey. Frank.
Why the long face. Magpie?
Uh. I need to head
back for my new job.
I'm just... I'm
worried about Sully.
You've done enough. Maggie.
Edna and I can
handle it from here.
Come sit.
Um.
did Sully ever tell
you about our fight?
No.
What was it about?
I wanted to know why
he never came after me.
What did he say?
Just said it was complicated.
It broke him. Maggie.
When she took you away.
That's why he was so glad when
you finally came back home.
The night of his
stroke. I left. Frank.
I left him alone.
You couldn't have known.
No. but maybe if
I wasn't so angry
I would have seen the signs.
Don't blame yourself.
I don't know.
I left him. too.
I knew that he was struggling.
and I left for Alberta.
We can't lose him. Frank.
We just got him back.
He's not going anywhere.
I really hope you're right.
Hey. Clover.
If you're looking
for something to do.
maybe you can clean
out the grease traps.
I didn't think that was going to
be part of my job description.
Okay. How about you grab a
bag of coffee from the back?
Would that be okay?
Looks like the assistant
manager job's working out well.
Oh. yeah. Zoomers.
I don't think I appreciated how
much Sydney did around here.
Are you two good now?
Seemed okay when I
talked to her today.
She's definitely still mad
at me because I hired Clover.
Sounds like you and I
are in the same boat.
What do you mean?
Maggie's avoiding me. too.
I thought you two were getting
to be pretty. uh. good friends.
We were. It's just...
What happened?
It's a long story.
Have you tried talking to her?
Yeah. Yeah. she... She
didn't exactly seem open
to hearing what I had to say.
Okay. Well. I guess we both
need to keep on trying. then.
I think you're right.
- Hey.
Remind me to never help
with Sully's books again.
His system is absolute...
Chaos?
Exactly.
Well. I'm just grateful
Sully will be home soon.
Customers miss him.
Frank misses him.
And I miss him.
It's been really hard.
I need another roll of paper.
I'll be right back.
Watch the store for me.
What about you? I've
been so busy with Sully
I haven't had a chance to ask.
How's living with Rafe going?
Mm-hmm.
We are keeping things platonic.
Is that your idea or his?
Mine.
How come?
I don't want to complicate
my life right now.
Still trying to figure out
what I want to do next.
That makes sense.
Do you know what that is?
Not sure.
Lately. I've been wondering what
my life would have been like
if I stayed in New York.
I thought you said it
didn't go well over there.
Only 'cause I made
some bad choices.
So. what's holding you back?
I don't know. I guess I'm still
trying to figure that out.
I need to order more
paper. Remind me. mm-hmm?
Holy!
It's been ages since
I've seen you two.
John and Ellis. right?
That's it.
Kept meaning to come back.
but things got a little busy.
I can see that.
Should you be here?
Yes!
Doctor said we can sneak
in one last baby moon
before this little guy shows up.
Oh. M'pchi bebe! A little boy?
- John: Sure is.
- Aw. Mitooni nimiiyaayaan.
I'm so happy.
Where's Sully?
Uh. he'll be back in a few days.
I'm Maggie. I'm his daughter.
Can I help you with something?
I know we didn't book ahead.
but I was hoping that maybe
we could rent one of the new VIP
cabins that Sully was building
last time we were here.
Thought it might be a bit
more comfortable for Ellis.
Let me see what I can do.
You okay?
I'm sorry. I didn't
mean to scare you.
It's the baby. He's kicking.
Takes you by surprise sometimes.
- Yeah.
- Here.
Number 107.
Best VIP cabin we've got.
Come with me.
What's wrong?
Um. no. I'm just worried about
heading back for the new job
and leaving Sully.
I know you. There's
something else.
I don't want to
talk about it yet.
Well. too bad. 'cause I'm not
going anywhere until you do.
Um.
I'm pregnant.
474 Is it Andrew's?
Of course.
Okay. Um. how did that happen?
How do you think
that happened?
When did that happen?
I thought you broke up.
Yeah. we did. Um...
So. it must have
been before that.
when I was in Boston
for the deposition.
I wasn't... I wasn't
expecting that.
Yeah. Neither was I.
I've always wanted to be a mom.
You know. I just... I always
wanted to plan when it was
going to happen.
It's hard enough
being taken seriously
being a neurosurgeon when
you're a woman. you know?
But you're happy about it?
Yeah. I'm just. you know.
trying to figure out
how I'm going to be
a mom and a surgeon.
Well. I'm excited for you.
We should have a baby shower
before you head back home.
No. Syd. No. I...
I need you to keep this
between us for now.
Why?
It's early.
And I...
I haven't told Andrew yet.
Uh. you're not thinking about
getting back together with him?
I mean. we were
together for two years.
and he's been really
working on himself.
This isn't the '50s. you know.
You can do this on your own.
I know what it's like to not
have a father in the picture.
I'm not going to do
that to my child.
And what about your
feelings for Cal?
What feelings?
Oh. you can't fool me. Maggie.
Look. I know what you said.
but I think you have
real feelings for him.
Even if I did. I mean. he left.
He didn't even say goodbye.
But he came back.
Yeah. For Sully.
and this isn't just
about me any more.
Andrew and I make sense.
You sure about that?
Hey. Jackson.
- Hey. Mom.
- How's it going?
Great. Dad and I
toured the campuses.
Um. UBC has this cool
mentors hip program.
and University of Calgary lets
you do a semester overseas.
So. we're having a lot of
fun. I wish you were here.
Yeah. Me. too. but I'm really
glad that you're having
quality time with your dad.
Hey. You're remembering
to take it easy. right?
You're still recovering.
Yeah. I know. Mom.
How's Sully? Is he back yet?
A couple of days.
Okay. Uh. hang on. Dad
wants to talk to you.
Hey. You keeping busy?
I'm trying to.
Just wanted to let you
know the lawyer called.
He said the divorce is official.
Wow.
Guess we're single again.
I guess so.
Just want you to
be happy. Connie.
Thanks.
Jackson: Hey. Dad.
Um. yeah. Look. We got to go.
Okay.
Bye.
Hey. You okay over there?
I'm sorry.
It's my hip. I think the
pain meds are wearing off.
You want me to call the nurse?
- No. I'm okay.
- I'll call someone.
So. how come they haven't
taken you up for surgery yet?
I'm not sure.
Well. what about your
family? Can't they help?
Don't have one. Only an ex-wife
I haven't seen for years.
How about you? Is anyone
looking out for you?
Divorced. but my daughter's
a big-shot neurosurgeon
in Boston.
Impressive.
Yes. she is. God. what
is taking them so long?
Is everything
okay. Mr. Sullivan?
No. Everything is not okay.
This man is lying there in pain
and you've taken your
sweet time getting here.
Can you give the guy something?
How are you feeling.
Mr. Anderson?
Not good.
Unfortunately. you're not
due for any more medication
for a couple of hours.
Oh.
I'll try to talk to the doctor
when she's back from break.
- When's that?
- In about an hour.
You're just going to
leave him here like that?
I'm sorry. There's nothing
more I can do right now.
I'll be okay.
Unbelievable.
Hey.
Cal? What are you doing here?
I talked to Sully. I
know why you're upset.
I wanted to explain.
You don't owe me
any explanation.
Come on. Maggie. I called.
but you were in the
middle of a trial.
So. what. you just left
without a word to anyone?
There was things I
needed to take care of.
We don't need to
do this. okay?
Maggie. it was for Lynn.
What was?
She made me promise
to find the perfect place
to spread her ashes.
I didn't realise.
You know. I came here
to the Crossing to find a
way to put my past behind me.
And now that I'm back. I...
I'm starting to realise
that this might be
the perfect place
to build my future.
And I was thinking...
Cal. I need you to know
I'm leaving for
Boston in a few days.
Oh.
I've accepted a new job.
And Andrew and I are talking
about getting back together.
Is that what you really want?
It's what I have to do.
Then I'm happy for you. Maggie.
615 ♪
Maggie. how are you holding up?
I'm okay.
How's Sully doing?
Uh. he's just struggling
with his memory still.
Yeah. Is he going to be okay?
Yeah. I think so. It
takes a while for people
to recover after a stroke.
Well. he's lucky
to have you there.
and I hope he gets better soon.
Um. everyone is so excited
that you're coming back.
Oh. your father's just
getting in the car.
- Is that Maggie?
- Yeah.
He wants a word with
you. hon. Hold on.
Um...
Hey. sweetheart. Listen.
Dr. Callahan mentioned
this new research
study they're starting
on brain-computer interface.
That sounds interesting.
Yeah. I'll look into it.
Well. the interviews are next
week. so you need to talk
to Dr. Callahan as
soon as possible.
We wouldn't want to miss
this opportunity. Maggie.
It's time to focus on resetting
your career. quite frankly.
Walter. just...
Maggie. you still there?
Uh. yeah.
You know I've only ever
wanted what's best for you.
right. sweetheart?
I know.
All right. Well. let
me know how it goes.
Yeah. I will. I'll
talk to you later.
Bye.
Keep it coming.
I got to tell you. man...
Woo. I really appreciate
you and Connie
letting me use the gym here.
I'm getting a little
stir-crazy in my cabin.
I've been super grateful for
your help over the past month.
I think Connie's secretly
hoping you'll sign up
for the search and rescue team.
I mean. even if I were staying.
I'm not sure I'm the
right person for that.
You kidding?
Watching you out
there with Jackson
together with Maggie.
you two make a
pretty great team.
So. how long you
staying this time?
Yeah. I'm not sure.
Still trying to figure that out.
All right. Come on. Two more.
Nice.
That's not where
those go. Frank.
What's wrong?
Sully's back tomorrow.
I want him to be happy.
He'll be happy just
checking out of that place.
It's a hospital. not a hotel.
Well. that place
is no good for him.
He needs to be
outside in nature.
That's where he belongs.
Well. he'll be home soon enough.
Who's that?
I have no idea.
Again.
What is wrong with me?
You just need to
be patient. Sully.
It's... It's like my
memory is getting worse.
These things take time.
And what's going on
with my paperwork?
I thought I was supposed
to get out of here today.
Oh. Duncan. Duncan.
I'm sorry. buddy.
I didn't mean to wake you up.
You doing okay over there. pal?
Yeah. It's okay. It hurts
too much to sleep anyway.
Ah.
This poor guy. They haven't
even scheduled his surgery yet.
Maybe you can talk
with the doctor.
see what's holding
up my paperwork.
and try to get him squared
away with his surgery.
Yeah. I can try.
Thank you.
Okay.
So...
Mm-hmm.
Ah. forget it. I can't do this!
Sully. you have to keep trying.
Stop pushing him. Maggie.
He needs to do the work
if he wants to get better.
You don't know
what rehab is like.
I do. Remember?
Don't be so hard on him.
He's sitting right here.
Hey. Aren't you blessed.
having two beautiful
daughters to fight over you?
Oh. she's not his daughter.
I'll go check in
with Dr. Rabney.
Hey.
You know you're like
a daughter to me.
I know.
I was thinking about going
and grabbing a coffee.
Would you like one?
Okay. Thanks.
Hey. I'm sure Maggie will
come back with some good news.
Okay. bud?
All right. buddy. Hang in there.
Can I help you?
Hello. Is Harry Sullivan around?
Uh. not at the moment.
I heard about his stroke.
I wanted to come by
and offer my support.
How's business holding up?
Uh...
Thought Sully might need a hand.
What did you say your name was?
Yeah. sorry. I should
have introduced myself.
Glenn Perry. I own the golf
course across the lake.
And. uh. this is George.
I thought Bill owned
the golf course.
Retired a few months ago.
I don't think I've
seen you around.
Played a year ago. Fell
in love with the course.
That's when George told
me it was up for sale.
so I bought it.
Okay. well
we'll let Sully know
that you stopped by.
Appreciate it.
George?
What was that all about?
I don't know.
Si miiyaakwun.
Smells funny to me. too.
Doesn't sound like
they know yet.
Yeah.
Sure you want to do this?
Well. someone's got to. George.
Might as well be me.
Dr. Rabney: Come in.
Uh. Sully wanted me to check
in on his roommate's surgery.
Do you know if it's
been scheduled yet?
You know I can't
discuss another patient.
but know that we're
doing our best
despite being short-staffed
and underfunded.
But I'll look into it.
Thank you.
Your father's test
results came in.
What do they show?
I'm afraid they don't look good.
Good job. Mr. Anderson.
I'll be right back.
What's that old saying?
"Once a man
twice a child."
I don't think I'll ever be
getting that surgery. Sully.
I'm sure that's not true.
I'm glad you're going to
be getting out of here.
I think this is the
end of the road for me.
Don't say that. Duncan.
Even if I get to surgery
there's a good chance
I'm going to end up alone
in a nursing home with some...
Some stranger
changing my diapers.
That's just the pain talking.
It's going to be a lot
different after the surgery.
Yeah? Don't kid yourself. Sully.
People my age don't
come here to get better.
Listen. I'm sure you
have a lot to live for.
What I have is a lot of regrets.
I know. I got regrets. too.
but it's no reason
to just give up.
I'm tired. Sully.
I'm tired.
I'm going to get
you that surgery.
Can I get a little help in here?
The radiologist indicated
signs of cerebral atrophy.
I'm concerned that this.
coupled with his
cognitive decline.
suggests a diagnosis
of Alzheimer's.
No. That's...
That's not possible.
I wish I had better news.
I'm not sure what
sort of support system
you have in place.
but as you're headed
back to Boston. I thought
you might want to consider
looking into some of the
long-term care facilities.
I know the waiting list
is at least six
months to a year out.
You might want to put your
father's name on a list
sooner than later.
I'm sorry. Dr. Rabney.
but we need you.
There's been an incident.
Please excuse me.
♪ When the world ♪
♪ Has got you on your knees ♪
♪ And nothing seems
to come near ♪
♪ When you can't seem
to find some peace ♪
♪ Just lay it on me ♪
♪ On me ♪
♪ Lay it all on me ♪
♪ And if you can't ♪
♪ Seem to find some peace ♪
♪ Lay it all on me ♪
♪ Lay it all ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm